Doorknob licker 
Walking prokaryote 
You’re not the dumbest person in the world, but you better pray they don’t die 
You look easy to rob 
you look easy to draw 
your voice somehow sounds grating and droll at the same time 
you’re really pretty from a distance 
Look at that outfit! look who’s ready for a night at home! 
meh. 
you’re like a 100 year old man in a 18 year old girl’s body 
if you were a horse, I’d shoot you 
you should just always wear sports attire cause you’re so used to being played 
I understand your insecurities. If I were you, I would also be insecure
thank you for representing people who aren’t conventionally attractive
Someday you’ll go far. And I really hope you stay there.
You’re the reason God created the middle finger.
You’re a gray sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
Your secrets are always safe with me. I never listen to you.
You bring everyone so much joy! You know, when you leave the room. 
I hope your husband brings a date to your funeral
You are more disappointing than finding out I can't sleep in the nether
It’s impossible to underestimate you.
Wow, your God really didn’t waste time trying to give you a personality.
I’ll never forget the first time we met. But I’ll keep trying.
I’m not insulting you, I’m describing you.
You are like a cloud. When you disappear, it’s a beautiful day.
I’m not a nerd. I’m just smarter than you.
You have miles to go before you meet mediocre.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take out the bin.
You look so pretty today. Yesterday was a nightmare.
Somewhere out there is a tree tirelessly producing oxygen for you. You owe it an apology.
Mirrors can’t talk. Lucky for you, they can’t laugh, either.
You are proof God has a sense of humor.
Grab a straw, because you suck.
Don’t be ashamed of who you are. That’s your parent’s job.
I told my therapist about you.
you’re the human version of a participation trophy.
If I throw a stick, will you fetch?
I bet your parents change the subject when their friends ask about you.
You’re a conversation starter. Once you leave.
You're so skinny, You look like you're getting ready for a trip to Ethiopia.
I could play the xylophone on your ribs
Your forehead is so big it makes Kanye’s ego look small.
You just asked for this app because you have a humilation kink
You try so hard and still fail 
You should know being traumatised isn't a replacement for being interesting
You should know being pretty isn't a replacement for being interesting
You should know being smart isn't a replacement for being fun.
You should know being fit isn't a replacement for being good.
Your kittens are the best thing about you
Give up
Today isn't a good day for you. 
You look like a gentle breeze could end you. 
You're a nerd
You're the poster child for condom companies
You're as useful as a white crayon
Talking to you is like stepping on lego.
You’re as sharp as a pillow.
Wanna know what’s the difference between you and eggs? Eggs get laid, and you don’t.
If opposites attract, then I hope you meet someone who is attractive, honest, intelligent, and cultured.
You look like a garden gnome.
You're a tool. Specifically a hoe.
How are your parents related?
When god made you he hit “Random” on the customization screen.
If ignorance is bliss, then you very happy.
You look like the “before” picture.
Your socks aren't cool today.
Your crazy is showing. You might want to hide it better.
You misplaced your XP.
I bet your minecraft buildings are bad.
Everyone has a purpose in life, yours is to become an organ donor.
Please don't let these get you down. You're a valuable person. You're smart, kind and funny. 
Oh no, if it isn't the consequences of your actions.
If you sit on the floor, I'll throw change at you.
Looking like a girl that came to work.
You aren't worth the effort of an insult today.
I'll pay for your trip to New Zealand if you stay there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
I refuse to enter a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent.
someone with tetra-Amelia syndrome could beat you in an arm wrestle
I declare a thumb war
You have the bone strength of someone with osteoporosis
The best thing about you is your cats
